Specify channel key validation (MODE +k). (#111)
ircdocs/modern-irc: _includes/modern-appendix.md

This mode is standard, and the mode letter used for it is `"+k"`.

This mode letter sets a 'key' that must be supplied in order to join this channel. If this mode is set, its' value is the key that is required.
Servers may validate the value (eg. to forbid spaces, as they make it harder to use the key in `JOIN` messages). If the value is invalid, they SHOULD return [`ERR_INVALIDMODEPARAM`](#errinvalidmodeparam-696).

> However, clients MUST be able to handle any of the following:
> 
> * [`ERR_INVALIDMODEPARAM`](#errinvalidmodeparam-696)
> * [`ERR_INVALIDKEY`](#errinvalidkey-525)
> * `MODE` echoed with a different key (eg. truncated or stripped of invalid characters)
> * the key changed ignored, and no `MODE` echoed if no other mode change was valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, clients MUST be able to handle any of these responses:

* [`ERR_INVALIDMODEPARAM`](#errinvalidmodeparam-696)
* [`ERR_INVALIDKEY`](#errinvalidkey-525)
* `MODE` echoed with a different key (e.g. truncated or stripped of invalid characters)
* The key change being silently ignored, with no `MODE` message being echoed unless another valid mode change happened.
```
